what's up guys before starting
the video I wanted to apologize
because I'm not going to be as euphoric
to implement it as usual because I have a
pretty bad cold and it's a little hard for me to
record the video so I'm going to
ask for a big like for my great
effort okay the great effort that it
takes this is youtuber and focusing on
a critical series of others Perez
deserves a like the thing is that I'm going to record
this video because it's being asked of me and
this is not typical okay this is not the
cliché that others always say I'm
going to record this video because they
ask me a lot and not only ask I
sincerely agree they're really asking me
a lot to give my opinion on the
salsa between thyssen and pere and dallas
review so I'm going to give my opinion this
month a quick simple video and well let's go and I
hope you like it
about a year ago so that everyone
knows that Dallas was busy
cleaning up its image and I think it's
succeeding I think that
Dallas' image makeover is being
quite effective and  I think the kid
deserves it from the beginning of 2019
onwards because he had a lot of people
on the internet making him all day the
worst types of accusations that
can be made against you, like abuser,
abuser, rapist, fart
and the most dangerous things that they can
accuse you of, because that's what I pointed out and for a
year now, he even has a lot of
people who support him and defend him and
don't allow these
things to be said to him, that's very good within all
the people who follow me, a
lot of people follow me who are visitors who are
followers of Dallas and are fans of Dallas and
family too, so every time they
see the slightest bit of people or
any stream, the youtuber influencer
who is messing with him, Darla, sends it to me
as he knows that I always
comment on it in live streams, react to videos and
stuff like that and I am very grateful in
fact, I don't want you to think of me as
sending those things, okay, always everything you
see out there about salt ceo or
anything that is interesting to comment on
in a live stream or in a video, send me no
both on instagram and by email
wherever you want it's worth the means
you have the things you have to know how to
differentiate when it's a
serious accusation it's worth slander an insult to
hate for the sake of hating that someone is
making something up or that it's simply a
comment from some youtuber or some
person who doesn't like Dallas and the
so-called idiot valuable we're not going to go
here commenting and throwing no at the neck
of every person who calls him stupid now there's the one who
can dislike other
people like any mortal this is
bad to do with your distant cousins
hello own cis and this job that's not there
if they are a family they don't touch on
sexual matters dude if you don't have children like
Dallas you
Dallas can dislike other
youtubers that other influence how
can I dislike him who surely
dislikes me even if he's very
handsome and we don't have to be at hand
in the head because eye they have called him
stupid a direct be careful no that no
when we have to be at our
heads is when someone makes a
very strong accusation against another person and he what I
tell you  dallas is innocent of
all the things of being accused of
course but
other people can continue to dislike him for other reasons
because they don't like the way he combs his hair because
they don't like it because they think he's
arrogant for whatever reason I mean not
everyone likes
everyone just like certain people
can burn my mind and at a
specific moment in a live that is
unscripted that is without anything prepared
you can say that man is a
clown he is an idiot we are not going to come to blows our
heads that's why yes every time there is
a really powerful insult like
something serious something cool and [ __ ] up that
ravier dallas the exam is on twitter on
his social networks for the
challenges debate and so we can
continue having it here sanse and everything and
having a good time because I don't want to let's
laugh at the things they say and perez
now youtuber who more or less I
consider does the same as me touches on
another subject touches others the ceo but from
my point of view his channel is
very similar to mine making social criticisms
criticisms
she gets into criticism of tito care
for example that in that subject in that  world
by name my uncle I hope not to do it
for a long time because I have not been
told that what a gang that has gone the
same the same one day we encourage ourselves in
fact I do not even know her because I
came across a video of hers when
I made this physics video anymore I do not know
if you will remember that she was a trans girl
who reported a lot of
beauty centers because they did not want to affect her
balls well she also made a
video on the same topic I got a
recommendation I saw her I do not shut up badly
and I follow her because normally I will only
follow youtuber that I am interested in her
content I had not seen any of her
videos again I also tell you that until
suddenly I found something that is
with Dallas dad I would imagine that this
girl would be the protagonist of her own
false but well the anime have these
crossovers they remembered how I was
a year and a half ago and now I am one of
the main characters there to
put my star there on the walk of
fame not everything starts with a
design video in which she is talking about the subject
of yao cabrera and here he and throws her in
that video for free some  accusations
against dallas are very ugly, it is very dirty, also
no one was messing with her and
no one had ever disrespected her,
even the people who criticize this
garbage as such
with whom many people
and honestly
even her 10
year old brother was used in a sexually
suggestive way to see and hear but I
truly believe that the normalization of
content like this is the reason why she
enjoys how what happened to her
can happen so easily she is accused
of exploiting her sister and generating
content and increasing her views by
exposing her very sexually she is
basically accusing her of exposing her
sister sexually to attract
pedophiles she is basically accusing her
of prostituting her sister in some way.
One thing I find disgusting is
that I would be very angry if they
also made this accusation against me with
a member of my family especially
if we are giving a minor and the
little point that adds that because of
content like this in society,
kids normalize things like what
happened to him here and cause
sexual abuse of them since because of
content like that of dallas
guys see it as normal to abuse
girls Dallas contacts
her by email
the girl becomes a live or a
call with him which is
usual in these allies or whatever you
want to call it but I don't know if these
girls really or not but she has
behaved as such by not accepting a
call or so there is one thing that I have
always had and you have to
grant it to me I can be wrong I can
confuse with people I can have
differences of opinions or be
wrong and then rectify but if I
talk about a person in a video and that
person wants to confront me or wants to
talk to me I turn my back if one
has a hand he would
stay like him
like Captain Hook I do not throw the
stone and then when the hand talks
about a guy and has said very ugly things to him
in a video then he shows his face like I mean he is
not going to eat you it is an
internet call that is not going to
appear on the screen and he is going to do
anything to you Dallas makes a video super
angry from my point of view with
reason and she gives him a response of  48
minutes I saw the video of Dallas I
saw the design response and then I
saw Dallas' response it is already
a response from Dallas it was a
live reaction that was then
uploaded to the unfiltered one but you have
seen it everything is worth having a
pretty clear opinion I have seen everything
in the response that this girl makes takes
the video of Dallas the excerpt where she does not
show them what the accusation that this
girl makes and says that he has
manipulated because Dallas the cut
war manipulation and that is to say
conveniently he forgot not to cut
this part it is sad that we
as YouTube as consumers of
content have done it so that I have
content like what he does is this good
his new girlfriend hitting his ex girlfriend
falling in love with his cousin water or incest
pedophilia
triples for more ex girlfriends more violence
more cuckolding more kidnappings more children
crying more harassment it takes my breath away
that millions of people most of
whom are children are consuming
this garbage and now I'm going to put on a
Bercial boy my love but even
the people who criticize  to this
comfortable garbage I asked them who many
people compare me to and honestly you
give me even he has used his
10 year old brother in a
sexually suggestive way to see and
hear as I said in my third video of
getting started when comedy is comedy and
entertainment is entertainment but
pretending that all this is real and selling it
to the young people that idolize you
is so dangerous that you can't imagine
how much for their formation as an adult it
may seem that I am
ethically postulating that I am a miniature but I
truly believe that the normalization of
content like this is the reason
why things like what happened to Cañada
and can happen so easily
forgotten in a matter of weeks I
can do that too yes it is true
that Dallas has cut the video but
what I believe is that she has summarized it because
in the end it does not change the meaning of
what they say and they say hers is I do not
understand where she saw the manipulation and the
difference in the summarized video cut to
its entire stratum I see that she is
saying the same thing, that is, she says that
her content Cabrera
how is the content of it Cabrera
normalizes abuse  sexual
pedophilia perhaps the insect and then
when she talks about Dallas she says it like
even other people who are
defending Caeli like Dallas you know
what the word means
even these people make content like
that sexualizing the sister so so so so you
are putting Dallas and her
content in the same bag as Ayuda
Cabrera and then at no time does she make
a separation to say
her content or normalize women in the thing
but Dallas is nothing
I don't like it but at no time does she make
a differentiation she puts it in the same
bag and in fact seeing the full click it is
even clearer to me she puts it at the
same level in fact if the thing were
like she says that Dallas has manipulated
the video and that she really
wanted to say something else, that is to say and she has
found Cabrera and sees that her
usual content where she kidnaps and harasses
women or insinuates doing it is what makes
things like what happened to Caeli
become normalized and forget after saying
sexually for Vista equally
suggestive for Vista I already stopped
talking about him it
is so crazy  for seeing the second if he
really didn't want to put Dallas
on the same level it doesn't mean that
Dallas' content normalizes these
things and you were only referring to it found at
the time he wrote to you by email you should
have clarified it for him hey look sorry
if he explained it wrong I'm going to cut the click
with the youtube editor I
apologize I'm sorry I didn't express myself well or
whatever but I keep telling him that
when Dallas contacts her by email in
that email in your response they say and it doesn't
clarify it you don't tell him that he makes a
misunderstanding or a failure of understanding
failure to express yourself not with signatures the
same thing we are saying that he has
accused Dallas of making
sexual content raising his little sister that he
does this to attract pedophiles to his
channel which I find the accusation very strong and very
serious and that with this
content they get kids to
normalize sexual abuse and then
reviewing this girl's channel I
found two things that
surprised me one of them is but
even worse is that investigating this
clown's channel I realized that  she is the
first to use girls and young girls even
in bikinis and putting pictures of girls in
bikinis to call
and their age and with a little arrow as if
trying to copy thumbnails in case
this clown is frustrated with her
shitty channel and dares to criticize
others for what she herself does because what I
'm seeing on screen is even
worse since I don't even update
my sister but with this
shitty video what did she do explain to me you
piece of clown what a disgusting chick and another thing
about you complaining that Dallas got
irritated with you for just 20 seconds
he is so crazy to watch the second
20 seconds as if in 20 seconds he
couldn't say something strong enough
to hurt someone and then another one on
your channel of these videos like this
the people who have mentioned you answer
or are leaving a comment on your channel, that
is, a comment that is less than 20
seconds where there is a note of criticism
or insulting you, they criticize you or make a
video answering youtube for free
toker that they have put a comment on you and
you are complaining that someone makes
a video and  get irritated by 20 seconds
of what he has dedicated, he doesn't even have the
art that a good
polemic channel should have, damn, get you out of every tube,
every comment, every answer, a
good 15 to 20 minute video with Jon,
current, be a compilation,
a video responding to 45 in the same
video, [ __ ] art, a video of each one with
respect to what he thinks they would do, he is
ten years old when in reality he is 13 or
14, he has even used his
10 year old brother to his 10 year
old sister and what he does is put this
[ __ ] where my sister is not 10 years old,
this chick Istanbul
20 - that even without knowing, without having the
slightest idea, I got it, he says that my sister
is 10 years old without having some, she
hasn't even opened the videos to see
that these videos, the 10 year old thing is a
damn meme, this girl is not to
blame, I mean, she has no reason to follow the
content of Dallas and you know a meme and
such then anyone who comes to the
channel gives the idea that the title
my sister puts the day year well she has no
reason to know that her sister is actually
older and how true that when you enter
the video she sees that this
teenage girl who is not 10 years old but
well she has no reason to know it is normal
that Dallas gets so aggressive and so
upset when answering her and insults her and
so on because the [ __ ] he just made a
disgusting accusation and sima bringing in
a minor member of his family and do not be
very hypocritical I do have my
family in this context too
even little but the thing is that if you are going to
make a video giving him a steak or
someone or I mean if you are going to make a video
where you are going to comment on something about someone, at
least I do not
force you to know the entire
Dallas channel by heart but if you are going to take it and you
are going to say something about the videos of
Dallas and her sister, at least see you
watch them and for example you are in the pse or
the movement is entertaining I had
missed you all know it and they
comment on the live videos I have not followed it
in videos or I have  done nothing of the sort I
was linked to other controversies and this
past week you all asked my
opinion I'm going to give it and I'm making a
video but for that I've watched the
design video and where he throws the video
at dallas beach the design channel I've
seen the response the dallas video I've
seen the design response I've watched
dallas' reaction
responding to that response I've seen
absolutely everything to now give my opinion
when I'm going to make a video I soak up
all the information I can
find at the very least it's not that I
sincerely don't understand the
sexual context in these videos it's that he puts it at
the level as if he were uploading
pornography of the sister or something like that I
see it more as a joke not an
awkward moment
when the son-in-law meets
the girlfriend's older brother
write who in a sexual context I don't
know how he could have come to that
conclusion one of the things that
seems most hypocritical to me on the part of the
design is that she has this thumbnail she
is already accusing the other of sexualizing
the sister who wants to attract a pedophile I
don't know what story I already have this here
with the arrow five years  a girl in a
bikini and says that she is censoring her
face to preserve her privacy,
you will tell me that they get on what face that
because that is like when it occurs to me
the camera focuses on me it makes me laugh a lot that
she can use this
to criticize in this case the
modeling agency but then say that those from Dallas
are sexualized, not like hers but
from Dallas and what are we left with? They say and it is
very hypocritical girl and be very careful because
everyone who follows me knows that I am
not in favor of showing minors
on the channels but when I talk about not
exposing minors on the channels I am
referring to younger children, children of
whatever up to nine or ten years old,
things and once they are teenagers it does
not make sense to prohibit them from appearing
on the channels, they came out on the internet because
when they are teenagers they seem to have
a little more freedom they already begin to
have their social networks, to have colleagues, to
have friends with which they have certain
surveillance,
certain control, a certain
responsibility, besides it is not the same and
putting minors when it exposes them like
for example lis green that lis green
perhaps a child when so sick  in
bed to school who takes them and such
are in the bathroom what they have for breakfast what they
eat where they live where they travel to
a child who has talent and is an actor
a singer or something like that how would I leave it
that she has been competing since she was little and
being famous she has a channel with three
million subscribers and has even
participated in Disney
Channel programs or The Voice and Dallas is not
exposing them taking her out of anonymity
let's say as much as later she
made a 50 minute video and in it she did
a live reaction and they
started arguing about whether your channel is
Salcedo's and mine isn't if you are a toxic
virtue I couldn't be here data
and analyzing each of the points they are
discussing they are going around in an
unnecessary loop okay I think the
discussion would have ended very
soon if they say he would have behaved
with a reasonable person I think the
thing is a little more about empathy the whole
discussion okay the whole discussion
all the insults Sant launched and the
whole problem he has simply
come from the accusations of saying not even
Dallas implying that he gives the
prostitution your sister
extracting views from pedophiles to her
youtube channel is only having a little
empathy gentlemen, I mean always put yourself in
the other person's shoes so the
accusation that you are making is
true listen this is a person who is an
abuser a person who is an
aggressor who deserves to be judged
but to be making such a
gratuitous accusation that you are
using your little sister so that
pedophiles come to mate with your
sister is a very sick accusation and an
accusation that hurts damn I mean I
put myself in her place and it is an accusation that
hurts I am hyseni and I discovered the fact
the mother contacted me by email yes to
reason a little and tell you the day after today
excuse me between cutting the piece in the
video and if you want then we do a live I
apologize hey it can't
offend you they gave this girl she
went to offend cause harm and then on
top of that she starts with [ __ ] like
idolater thief what will you tell me
idolize atrocious and that's the point
basically I don't understand how much she had
written to me she hadn't said or why they
say she has already humiliated Dallas in the
video that I made her I
see the humiliation I have made an
accusation that any of you who
would like not even a hair sincerely
it is all a matter of empathy kids it
is nothing more until today's video I hope you
liked it if you didn't like it
in between there is a dislike and if you
liked it a like subscribe no matter what
happens and we will see each other